docs: note the stylistic configs as sticking around past formatting rules (#9249)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/troubleshooting/Formatting.mdx

We mirror the ESLint team's move away from _formatting_ and _stylistic_ rules.
With the exception of bug fixes, no new formatting- or stylistic-related pull requests will be accepted into typescript-eslint.

> > Note that the [`stylistic` configurations](../users/Shared_Configurations.mdx#stylistic) are not deprecated or recommended-against.
> > We'll continue to include those configs and their rules to help enforce TypeScript-related stylistic consistency for the forseeable future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
The [`stylistic` configurations](../users/Shared_Configurations.mdx#stylistic) are not deprecated or recommended-against.
We'll continue to include those configs and their rules to help enforce TypeScript-related stylistic consistency for the foreseeable future.
:::
```
Same below
